Okay, bye kids.
Bye dad.
Have you?
Dad.
Oh, hello, son.
Are we still doing service tonight?
Oh, um...
I'm just too tired today, Teddy.
Oh.
I just don't have it in me.
We'll do another day, okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
But dad,
I thought we weren't going on the ministry.
Well, I prayed for a little extra boost, Teddy.
If you're too tired.
I am tired.
But you know what?
I'm not too tired.
Let's go.
Hi, Teddy.
Great, wasn't it?
Yeah.
To first, John.
So...
You know this.
I get a little bit nervous, too.
But if it helps, I'll do the first door.
Let's start up with this one, then.
We do, now.
We're just asking our neighbors a question.
No, no, no.
You people and your questions.
No one cares.
We didn't mean to disturb you.
We did.
You did disturb me.
So get up on property before I call the police.
Those witnesses.
He was really angry.
He was, wasn't he?
Yeah.
Well, I always try to remember that for years,
I used to react exactly the same way.
Really?
Yeah.
As you know, I let the truth in my 20s.
Growing up in a violent family, it also made me violent.
I'm not interested.
Go away and don't come back!
Wow, so we'll change them.
Well, you see, one of my good friends died.
And that very same weekend,
the witnesses came round.
Now, normally, I'd yell at them.
But this time I listened.
And that's the beauty of the truth.
Anyone can change.
And that is one reason why we continue preaching.
So shall we continue doing this though?
Yeah.
Good.
We'd like to try some.
Love too.
Thank you.
That's delicious.
I've just made it.
So there's specialos on the counter.
Sorry, I couldn't help noticing.
But your tattoo does that have a meaning?
Oh, yes.
So these vines, they make a heart.
It reminds me of my boyfriend.
We're guessing marriage in a few months.
Oh, congratulations.
That's great.
You know, me and my husband, we've been married for about 11 years now.
Oh, wow.
You know, I'm actually a little nervous.
Nearly all my married friends are divorced now.
Oh, it's completely understandable that you're nervous.
It is a big step.
But have you ever wondered if there's a secret to a good marriage?
No.
But if you've got one, I'll take it.
Yeah, I'd love to show you what we found helped us
is a principal in the Bible.
Oh, that's fantastic.
Yeah, I just really can help myself.
She's getting married in a couple of weeks.
Yeah.
She wasn't interested in the Bible.
But I left on one of our contact cards.
Well, you never know.
She might end up on the website.